Recently, some internet users, via the platform,
without any factual basis,
engaged in groundless speculation,
publishing claims of mother-son incest,
Kong Guifang's romance with a celebrity,
and other malicious, slanderous, and false remarks.
Furthermore, some of the content
has exceeded the limits of legally permissible commentary
and caused severe negative impacts.
Next.
The defendant is hereby sentenced to delete the remarks
and apologize to the plaintiff.
I'm sorry, Guifang.
The internet is not a lawless zone.
The public is requested not to readily believe rumors
and to jointly maintain a clean cyberspace.
The legal interpretation of the Hubin District People's Court
carries legal force.
The execution period is seven days.
Here, drink some water.
Is there anyone who hasn't come to apologize yet?
There are still a few putting up a desperate fight.
Like this Zhao Chuyi.
She has to bear the litigation costs.
She'll probably face enforcement.
This is the money I earned from working this month.
I'll give you all my salary next month too.
My mom is in poor health.
Monthly medical bills drain our family's finances.
I can't count on my dad.
I know I did wrong this time.
But I just don't want my mom to know.
I'm afraid it will break her heart.
Although we've won now,
we're also kind of notorious.
The classmates who were
doing group projects with me before,
now they don't dare to speak when they see me.
Everyone might be a bit afraid of Guifang,
so they're afraid of us by association.
It seems victory isn't as satisfying as imagined.
Ignore them.
It's exam week recently.
Everyone is under a bit of pressure.
It'll be fine once it passes.
Everything will pass.
Come on.
Let's toast.
Cheers.
Xu Rui.
Xu Rui!
Wait for me a second.
Wait a second.
No, listen.
After you lectured me last time,
I really...
those celebrities and big bloggers I badmouthed,
I DM'd apologies to every single one of them.
Take a look.
Really, I know I was wrong.
Can you forgive me?
Forgive me.
Please?
Just take a look.
Okay?
I really know I was wrong.
Can you give me a chance to be a good person?
Just look.
If you don't believe me, look first.
Just look first.
Xu Rui.
You...
Are you done talking?
No.
Look, really look.
I'm done.
Goodnight.
Did I let you leave?
I'll give you a chance to be a good person.
You're the only one here?
Fang'er, you came just in time.
Look.
The school decided to give those rumor-mongers
demerits.
Some even got major demerits.
We've achieved a partial victory.
This demerit...
will it affect their job hunting in the future?
Love is mutual honesty.
With nothing to hide.
As long as there is deception,
love has a stain.
Only by being open with each other
can love have a tomorrow.
This is my final speech.
Thank you, everyone.
Okay, next student.
Hello everyone.
I am Kong Guifang.
The topic of my speech today is...
"Even a Hen Loves Herself."
When I was young,
I was always taught to love others.
For parents,
for children,
to sacrifice and dedicate myself to family.
Always putting others first,
and myself second.
That is love.
But I recently realized...
loving yourself...
is the most important thing.
Only those who know how to love themselves...
can truly understand how to love others.
Even a hen knows...
you have to eat well to lay good eggs.
Did you apologize to her the other day?
Yeah. It was so embarrassing.
She's unreal. Acting like nothing happened.
I feel awkward even if she doesn't.
Please put down your phones...
and listen to me for a moment.
Since the court's verdict has been issued,
I won't hold onto the past either.
Now that everyone...
knows my real age and personality...
you might think I'm strange,
or even be a little afraid of me.
But I want to say...
this is the real Kong Guifang.
I have the marks left by time,
but I also enjoy the surprises of youth.
So from now on,
let's interact in a more authentic way.
Okay?
Okay!
Okay
Then I'll continue my speech
Hey there
Hey, are you okay?
Is... is it a stomachache?
Let's go. I'll take you to the infirmary right now
Slow down
No need
I don't want to be a bother
This is no time for that
Your health comes first
This child...
Let's go. Careful
Are you married?
No
Have you been sexually active recently?
Besides the stomach pain,
is there anywhere else that feels uncomfortable?
It's just... I've been squatting on the toilet,
and the longer I squat, the more it hurts
The cold air...
just goes right up my butt
The blood won't come down,
and nothing else comes out either
I'm sweating all over,
rolling around in bed,
feeling awful no matter what I do
I can't sit or stand comfortably
And inside my stomach,
it feels like it's churning
It's a cramping pain
Is that what it's like?
Then I know how to write it now
Thank you, thank you
I can handle it
I've got it
Can you?
Thank you, Auntie
It's not like I eat children
That's 21.30 in total
Wait a minute, wait a minute
This isn't even fresh anymore
And you're selling it for this much?
Aren't you just trying to fool a kid?
Th-th-this just came in today
Take two tangerines
Eighteen in total
You're getting new stock tomorrow anyway
You won't be able to sell these
Fine, fine then
Little girl sure knows how to bargain
What "little girl"?
I'm already a mother
Here
I don't want it anymore
Thanks
She doesn't want this anymore. Look
I'll buy it, I'll buy it
I'll buy it. You buy it?
Guifang
Xiaorui
They're going to check dorms in your building soon too
Let everyone know
I'll get going then
Have some fruit
No thanks. Bye-bye
I'm off
Bye-bye. Bye-bye
Zhuyun, notify the big group chat about the dorm check
I got kicked out
I won't do it. Serves them right
Pass it back
Two sheets per person
Alright, the exam officially begins
Next pig, come here
Come on
Come
Why aren't you moving?
You have to struggle
Does he look like a pig?
He really does look like a pig
Stop laughing, stop laughing. It's an exam
Read out the number
117.4 kilograms
I caught it
Look
There's another one here
Another one. It's so small
Look
Caught it
A caterpillar
Two of them
Just a tiny one
Yes, yes, yes, just like that
Where? Here
Can't the Ag School be less rigid
And a bit more irresponsible?
I have never missed
Rote memorization exams so much
I should have just guessed it was a pest earlier
Wake up
Time for the next exam
You know you need a GPA over 3.75
To have a chance to transfer majors, right?
I overcame my fear, fought back the nausea
Went without sleep
And memorized the entire "Insect Taxonomy"
Even if you just gave me a silhouette
I could tell you this bug's
Name and family
What its habits are
Whether it's a pest or beneficial
I never expected the question to be
Who is the author of this book
I wonder how Guifang is doing in there
How her exam is going
This is a rhizome plant, right?
Isn't it a root system plant?
It's food. It's all food
Isn't this just a potato slice?
Can't you just stuff it in your mouth?
Stop discussing this stuff after the exam
Have mercy, guys
Asteraceae, Lactuca, annual herbaceous plant
I was wrong, I was wrong, I was wrong
Eat, eat, eat
Come on
I feel like it's been a long time since
We've been this happy and relaxed
Yeah
The battle is won
Major exams are done
This semester is finally over too
This semester has been truly heart-stopping
Let's finish the remaining exams quickly
I can't wait to go back
And tell my mom
Everything that happened to us this semester
Yeah
I want to go home
I miss my mom
Dad, Mom
I brought your grandson to see you
Thanks to your grandson
I can sort of live life over again now
Last time
I always let myself be wronged
Not this time
Whether it's cyberbullying
Or
In my life
The inexplicable malice I receive
Your daughter won't let herself be wronged anymore
Mom
Do you think even if we won
The hurt will disappear?
My grandma already answered you.
Oranges.
All the bickering will disappear.
Right?
Look at this apple.
Everything will be safe and sound.
And this banana.
To teach them a lesson.
So life will be sweet.
This candle.
Mom in the candlelight.
Right?
So tell me.
Do you think Grandma and the others understand what "cyberbullying" is?
I burned a laptop for them.
They can understand.
Then did you burn a network cable?
Everyone uses Wi-Fi now. Who uses cables?
True.
Mom.
If back then...
I could be like I am now...
That would have been so good.
That way, when you were bullied...
I could have protected you.
How great that would be.
People only... when they see their mom...
...reveal their truest vulnerability.
I told you to study in the car.
Did you read? Did you memorize?
You're going to cram at the last minute again.
Are you a demon, Mom?
Who studies in a car?
Wouldn't that make you carsick and dizzy?
If I were a demon...
Then you'd be the son of a demon.
Just wait until you fail.
You're getting more and more humorous.
I'm going to take out the trash.
Study, you hear me?
Read the book. Memorize it for me.
You have to imprint it in your brain, you know?
Kong Xiaocan.
You finally decided to show up.
Do you know how long I've been looking for you?
I was on annual leave.
I only get five days of annual leave a year.
The year after next, I'll have ten days.
I don't care how many days you have.
Do you know how chaotic it was recently?
You didn't show up when I needed you.
That's exactly why I'm looking for you, hun.
According to our deal...
Article 53, Section 4.
You are suspected of violating the rules.
But luckily...
The information you leaked didn't concern me.
But a punishment will still be imposed on you.
There's a punishment?
As for the content of the punishment...
We will hold an internal meeting to decide.
We'll notify you then.
But what I can tell you is...
It will definitely be something you humans...
...do not want to see.
I'll come call you when it's decided.
I'm off then. Bye-bye.
Something we don't want to see...
A punishment we don't want to see.
Wait.
Left again?
Come out.
Come out, A Fu.
Come out!
Come out quick!
Xiaocan, what are you doing?
Will shouting make the bottles come out?
You have to pick them up.
Hold this.
Cockroach.
I hate seeing these things the most.
It will definitely be something you humans...
...do not want to see.
The natural enemy of mankind.
Are you still eating?
If not, I'll eat it.
Are you a pig?
Isn't this your idol?
Can't you learn from him?
Have some depth.
You just stuff your face whenever you see food.
It's precisely because I'm in front of my idol...
...that showing my sincerity is how I respect him.
Alright, alright, alright. I get it.
Okay, I know.
I was thinking...
I was at the fruit shop earlier,
and I saw Godmom haggling there.
She's just as imposing as ever.
Yeah.
That's who I was telling you about.
Wait a second.
Hold on.
That's not right.
Haven't I seen Godmom when she was old?
What's this about looking old when young,
and looking young when old?
You're messing with me, aren't you?
What is actually going on?
Your idol must be working miracles.
You've started using your brain.
Hurry up.
Isn't that what I was about to tell you?
You kept interrupting me.
How should I put this?
My family has a genetic mutation.
My mom is like this now,
and when I get to her age,
I might just turn into...
a cockroach.
For real?
Cockroaches are great.
They're resilient.
They live a long time.
You actually believe that?
Look at what happened to Godmom.
Is there anything left I wouldn't believe?
Alright.
Then I'll tell you the truth.
My mom took a special drug.
She was pretty sick back then,
so we tried a desperate measure.
She joined a drug trial
as a guinea pig.
I didn't expect the results to be so...
But you can't say a word.
We signed a confidentiality agreement.
Just you, me, and him know about this.
It'd be really bad for my mom if anyone else knew.
Brother.
I swear in front of my idol.
I won't tell a soul.
Good.
And...
if one day you turn into a cockroach,
come find me.
I'll take care of you.
Well,
what if...
it's not a cockroach?
No snakes.
You know me.
Caterpillars.
You know the smell of stink bugs.
Centipedes.
Mole crickets.
Your standards are pretty specific.
Is there anything decent?
No butterflies.
Get lost, I'm allergic.
Xiaocan.
How about a dragonfly nymph?
A dragonfly nymph works.
How's a dragonfly nymph?
Mom, Mom, Mom, that's enough
Mom, Mom, okay, okay
You... that's enough, alright
You are too cruel
You have to live and let live
It's all squashed and oozing
Mom, Mom
I'm telling you very seriously
If one day
I'm not by your side anymore...
Please, you must treat the small animals around you kindly
Okay?
No, wait, what are you doing now?
What I'm doing isn't important
The main thing is the second part
You must treat the cockroaches around you kindly
Including snakes, caterpillars...
Mole crickets, stink bugs...
Dragonfly nymphs, and so on
What even are these things?
It's life!
Mom, please don't kill living things anymore, okay?
Life isn't easy
What I want to say is...
You never know which comes first, tomorrow or an accident
Every step you take might make you regret it for...
Mom!
Where are you going?
Mom, who is this?
Talking to the Du University Bot, Zhao Chuyi
You're coming straight to the door to collect a debt?
Shut up. Follow me
I'm back
Sis, Sis, you're back
Did you miss me?
Yes
You've folded so many
Did you finish your homework?
Finished, finished
Such a good little darling
There's a reward
Thank you, sister. Thank you, sister
Have it after you finish your meal
Okay
Hello
May I ask who you are looking for?
How did you find this place?
I've already apologized.
I've pinned the post too.
Do you still want money?
There's no way I can pay you.
You were the one leading the cyberbullying, right?
Right now, you...
That's a different matter.
We aren't here to ask for money.
I don't care what you're here for.
Please leave immediately.
Sis.
Did you do something bad?
My sister is the best.
She couldn't have done anything bad.
Your sister did do something bad.
But she has changed.
We are friends now.
You are looking for...
Chuyi, you're back.
Who are they?
Mom.
They are...
They're my classmates.
Classmates?
Come, come in and sit.
Come on, hurry.
Careful, take it easy.
I'm fine, Auntie.
Come, sit, sit.
Okay, okay.
This is the first time Chuyi has brought classmates home.
Really?
Shiwu, Duoduo.
Go buy something good to eat.
Okay, thanks Sis.
Go on now.
Let's go, Duoduo.
What do you want to eat?
You can dodge Chuyi, but you can't dodge Shiwu.
Please, have a seat.
Sit.
Okay, Auntie.
The house is a mess.
Please don't mind it.
Mom, stop bustling around.
It's fine.
You all just finished exams, right?
Must be really tired.
It was okay.
I'll do it, I'll do it.
Have some water.
Thanks.
Thanks, thank you Auntie, thank you.
How did Chuyi do on the exams this time?
Pretty good.
Senior Chuyi's grades have always been good.
Is that so?
Mom.
Just ask me.
When I ask you, you never tell me.
This child never tells me anything.
As you can see.
Our family isn't very well off.
My health isn't good either.
Chuyi has to work part-time after school.
In the future...
I have to ask you to help her out more.
Mom.
Of course, Auntie.
We will.
I really want to thank you.
It's nothing, Auntie.
Who are you two?
She's Chuyi's classmate.
Chuyi, Chuyi is back.
My eldest daughter is back.
You...
Listen,
I've got some good news for you two.
Old Wang has this project.
I got him to save me a share.
With this project,
if I can get on board,
I'll make at least this much in a year.
Isn't it perfect? It's the end of the term.
Didn't that scholarship come through?
Fork it over. Dad will let you in on the action.
How about it?
My grades went down.
There's no scholarship.
None.
Wait, not a single cent?
Or did your mom tell you something?
There really isn't any.
Ask them if you don't believe me.
Yeah.
The senior projects were really hard this year.
The competition for scholarships is fierce.
Yeah, yeah. It's a bit of a pity.
Save your breath.
So you didn't bring back a single cent, did you?
What goes through your head all day?
You can't even earn that little bit of money.
What's the use of going to that lousy school?
Watch your mouth!
What gives you the right to scold my daughter?
Chuyi works so hard to support this family.
When have you ever brought a cent back?
You're asking for it!
What are you doing? Hitting people?
Hey! Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
I'm calling the police! What era is this?
Go ahead, hit me!
Just try it!
Okay
Wait until those two are gone
You still have the nerve to cry
Couldn't give me a son
Can't make any money
Long face every single day
Sickly all the time, I have to spend money on you
Seriously, I...
Marrying you...
...was the worst luck of my life, I'm telling you
Yes
When it comes to fortune...
...it is quite mysterious
One reading defines heaven and earth
The universe is revealed in the face
What the hell? All mystical
What did you say?
W-What? You know how to tell fortunes?
It's passed down in the family
I know a bit about face reading
Oh my god
This guy is young but talks big
And he can actually calculate fortune?
Come, come. Take a look at mine then
Come here, come over here
Well, yours is...
Dog nose
Who are you cursing at?
A dog's nose
I'm telling you, the tip is round
The wings are broad
It signifies wealth
It shows your Wealth Palace is very prosperous
Wealth?
Lots of money. It means lots of money, understand?
I get it, I get it. Yes
You... How about this...
Take a good look for me
H-How can I make even more money?
A person like you...
...you have to go North
The North brings you luck
North? Where... where is North?
Up is North, down is...
N-No, that's not right
Anyway, the further North, the better
Further North is better?
You see...
Not South
Not East or West
Just North
Must... must be North
Must be North
Must be North. Then in the North...
What's in the North?
I know!
Old Wang's project is in the North!
You're pretty good!
This guy...
Your classmate is better than you, I tell you
Come hang out often!
I gotta tell him right away
We're back
Old Wang
About that project of yours...
Let me have some
We bought that
I'm your father
So what if I eat a bite of your food?
No, I wasn't scolding you
No
I'm not your dad
Guifang, you're becoming more and more like me
Lying right off the bat
Face reading, really?
What did you call me?
No respect
You're calling me Guifang again?
Wasn't I quick just now?
Auntie, sorry you had to see that
It's usually like this
Today...
...thank you guys
Your family has it tough too
It won't always be this hard
No matter what...
...I will definitely change our life
Change it completely
You mean
leave him
It seems you've thought about it
It's hard
As long as you're determined
Actually, leaving
is just a matter of a moment
Take the most important things
Buy a ticket, get on the train
go to a
place where he can't find you
Start over
Once you leave, don't come back
Let me write you an IOU
What IOU?
Your legal fees
After I graduate
I'll take Mom and my sister
settle down in another city
When I find a job and stabilize
I'll pay you back the money I owe
What I should bear
I will bear
Okay
Mom
Eat the egg, eat the egg
No need, no need
You eat, I fried two
They... they're all yours
Today they're all yours
So filial today?
My mom is cool today too
Excessively cool
Let me peel an egg for you then
Those who have lived through hard times
have to understand each other
Mom
I see that you really are...
No matter how much suffering
you can carry through it
When you live long enough
you just have this bit of
calmness amidst change
Don't say that
You're young now too
A young person, okay?
Anyway, I've figured it out now
Before
I was always pretending to be young
But as I kept acting
I really forgot my real age
But actually my past
everything I've been through along the way
is what I should cherish the most
I am me
I am Kong Guifang
A different kind of firework
Eat an egg
Look how worth it the youth I traded for my mom is
Whether I turn into a cockroach or a mouse
Even if the price is death
To see my mom's smile today
It was worth it
Kong Xiaocan
Well done
Gosh
These plane tickets are too expensive
They're all full price
Do workers go home this early?
Tell me about it
These high-speed rail accelerator packs
I don't know how many I bought
I'm still on the waitlist
That's all useless
Hainan tickets have skyrocketed
Can tourists please give way
to people going home?
Professor Wang asked me to pass on a message
Asking you to find time tomorrow afternoon
to go to her office
Why is she looking for me?
I didn't fail her class
Scraping by is still passing
Rest assured
Her project involves jackfruit
She probably just wants to contact your family
By the way
Xiaotian asked me today
if we want to go to the karaoke room together
Said to relax after exams
Really?
Karaoke room? That's great!
That's great!
Karaoke room, karaoke room
Listen to me, everyone
Listen to me, listen to me
I...
Kong Guifang...
fought a beautiful turnaround battle this time
Some people like it
Some people understand
And some people misunderstand
But...
that is life
I'm lucky to have you good friends
And my good friend
My son
And my son
Cheers
Done with training?
Do you want me to pick you up?
It's fine, you guys go ahead and have fun
I'll come by myself later
Like this?
Right
I can do it, I can do it
Come on, come on
Coming, coming
Like this?
Let's do one together
Xiaoyin
One more
Again, again
Xiaotian
Look how pretty she is
Drink, drink some
Brother Xiaocan
I really, really admire her
Brave
Smart
Very independent
Great execution
The key is...
she's also very beautiful
I really like her
cooking
I want to eat it for every meal
Good, this is good
Just don't... don't say any more
But she doesn't like me
Mingtian
You... you are a good person
But if you want to be my stepdad
that is absolutely impossible
However...
just for the fact that you admire my mom...
I'll toast to you
Come on
Drink
Just drink
Don't... don't look
Fang'er
Fang'er, I have a secret to tell you.
Let me tell you.
I've never told anyone this secret before.
This is the first time I'm telling you.
You absolutely cannot tell anyone else.
I'm too embarrassed to say it.
What?
I used to like your son.
Don't look at me.
I knew it.
I'm dying of embarrassment.
I was out of my mind back then.
Seeing him bleed for me...
I just suddenly got carried away.
I didn't know he and Xu Rui were a couple then.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have liked him.
When will it be my turn for a sweet romance?
Alright, alright, alright.
Let me tell you, Xiaoyin.
You...
Are wonderful.
Trust me.
Someday...
You will meet the person who belongs to you.
Really, trust me.
Really.
You are the best.
I am the best.
You are the cutest.
I am the cutest.
You are the most beautiful.
I am the most beautiful.
My good mom.
Coming home after work.
Working all day long.
How hard it must be.
Mom.
Come, come here, Mom.
Mom, Mom, sit down quickly.
Good mom, Mom.
Please have a cup of tea.
Let me kiss you.
Let me kiss you, my good mom.
Coming home after work, my good mom.
Good mom.
Mom, Mom, sit down quickly.
Please have a cup of tea.
They're all wasted.
Are you coming after training?
Almost there.
Let me kiss you.
My good mom.
Working all day long.
No, wait, what do you want with me?
The content of the punishment has been decided.
If there are no issues, let's begin.
R-Right now, right here?
Dear.
We do not accept rescheduling.
Everyone is very busy.
Then...
Then, c-can you...
Just let me mentally prepare myself?
Since you are already prepared...
Then...
No, I'm not prepared!
I need to prepare a bit!
At least let me sober up first!
Since you have already sobered up...
I haven't... Why don't you listen?
I said give me some time, can't you?
There is no time left.
Okay, okay, okay, you just...
Just reveal a few details...
It's over.
I didn't turn into a cockroach.
Seems like nothing's wrong.
It's just the hair is gone.
Dear, the content of your punishment was...
We removed all your hair.
And we did a painless treatment while at it.
Hope you can give a five-star review, Dear.
Are you crazy?
That's a truly civilized five-star review.
So? Feel better after venting?
I actually do feel a bit better.
Wait.
What kind of sick taste is that?
You aliens are sick in the head. Why...
Only you humans get sick.
We do not get sick.
So you are the one who is sick.
Right. I'll take my leave now.
Wait a minute.
I'm asking you a serious question.
Let's say...
regarding the exchange for my mom
of fifty years of life energy...
if someone accidentally found out...
would the person who knows get punished?
Would my mom suffer any...
Are you sure it was accidental?
Just tell me.
If only a very small number of people know,
then only you will be punished.
The ones who know will not be.
But it is worth noting that...
if it causes a huge impact on society,
and our existence becomes known to many,
then...
you may have to endure...
a very, very severe punishment.
Don't give me that scaremongering crap.
You said it was serious last time too.
How come it was painless hair removal this time?
Will you shorten my height next time?
That is also possible.
I shall take my leave now.
Wait!
Goodbye.
That wouldn't be good.
I'm still trying to date here.